remove PTA mosaics from Puhti (#1892)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/data/datasets/spatial-data-in-csc-computing-env.md

    * [Gridcells](http://www.paikkatietohakemisto.fi/geonetwork/srv/fin/catalog.search#/metadata/3fa1beeb-ea6b-42b1-8e76-eb2bc8ac6d24)
    * [Forest mask](https://www.paikkatietohakemisto.fi/geonetwork/srv/fin/catalog.search#/metadata/df99fbd3-44b3-4ffc-b84a-9459f318d545)
    * [Forest resource plots](http://www.paikkatietohakemisto.fi/geonetwork/srv/fin/catalog.search#/metadata/332e5abf-63c2-4723-9c2d-4a926bbe587a)

> !!! warning "Satellite mosaics produced by SYKE and FMI in Paikkatietoalusta project were removed from Puhti 21.11.2023"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Satellite mosaics produced by SYKE and FMI in Paikkatietoalusta project were removed from Puhti on 21.11.2023"
```

>     The removed datasets were: [Sentinel1 SAR mosaics](https://ckan.ymparisto.fi/dataset/sentinel-1-sar-image-mosaic-s1sar-sentinel-1-sar-kuvamosaiikki-s1sar), [Sentinel2 index mosaics](https://ckan.ymparisto.fi/dataset/sentinel-2-image-index-mosaics-s2ind-sentinel-2-kuvamosaiikit-s2ind), [Historical Landsat satellite image mosaics](https://ckan.ymparisto.fi/dataset/historical-landsat-satellite-image-mosaics-href-historialliset-landsat-kuvamosaiikit-href) and [Historical Landsat NDVI mosaics: 1984-2011](https://ckan.ymparisto.fi/dataset/historical-landsat-image-index-mosaics-hind-historialliset-landsat-kuvaindeksimosaiikit-hind). They are available from FMI own object storage. FMI own object storage has more data than was stored to Puhti local disks. The easiest way to find PTA sentinel mosiacs from FMI is with [Paituli STAC](https://paituli.csc.fi/stac.html). Paituli STAC page includes also use examples for R and Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The removed datasets were: [Sentinel1 SAR mosaics](https://ckan.ymparisto.fi/dataset/sentinel-1-sar-image-mosaic-s1sar-sentinel-1-sar-kuvamosaiikki-s1sar), [Sentinel2 index mosaics](https://ckan.ymparisto.fi/dataset/sentinel-2-image-index-mosaics-s2ind-sentinel-2-kuvamosaiikit-s2ind), [Historical Landsat satellite image mosaics](https://ckan.ymparisto.fi/dataset/historical-landsat-satellite-image-mosaics-href-historialliset-landsat-kuvamosaiikit-href) and [Historical Landsat NDVI mosaics: 1984-2011](https://ckan.ymparisto.fi/dataset/historical-landsat-image-index-mosaics-hind-historialliset-landsat-kuvaindeksimosaiikit-hind). They are available from FMI's own object storage which has more data than was stored to Puhti local disks. The easiest way to find PTA sentinel mosaics from FMI is with [Paituli STAC](https://paituli.csc.fi/stac.html). Paituli STAC page includes also usage examples for R and Python.
```
